is once again accusing Israel of
blocking Aid deliveries to Northern Gaza
Israel has rejected some 95% of all Fuel
and Medicine supplies entering that area
well let's speak to our correspondent on
the ground honey mwood he joins me now
from Rafa in southern Gaza honey we know
the bombardment particularly in the
South has been incredibly intense has
there been any let
up yes well there hasn't been any lit up
in the intense bombings across the Gaza
Strip but it all looks like it's all
started all over again in Gaza and the
northern part where more residential
buildings have been targeted within the
past uh two days and then appears to be
a surge in the intensity and the scale
of the bombings where uh the remaining
buildings within the vicinity of chifa
hospital and western part of Gaza City
and jabalia and be lahia City the all
the western side of these are being
targeted heavily by artillery Shing and
massive air strikes and there are more
people are ordered to evacuate Gaza City
as of yesterday late hours of
yesterday's evening for evacuation zones
and when we refer to evacuation Zone
we're talking specifically about uh um
Ona United Nations for Palestine
refugees schools honorable schools
designated uh in as shelters for this
place how Palestinians but four of these
evacuation centers uh uh were ordered to
evacuate immediately and take the uh
Rashid Road the coastal road all the way
to the central area now there was a bit
of risk in fact a high risk of people
leaving during nighttime taking the
coastal road all the way the central
area and due to the
ongoing blackout and no communic ation
hasn't been has been very difficult to
to confirm whether people have been able
to evacuate these zones or not but
overnight air strikes in khun is
particularly very concentrated within
the vicinity of Naser hospital but samin
area that's at the southern part of of
kanun city and it has a main road
leading to uh the main gate of Naser
hospital and theor Daniel field Hospital
came under heavy air strikes and
artillery Shilling and reports about
extreme confrontation uh with by with
within the uh uh the Palestinians
fighting group with the palestin
fighting groups on the ground and the
Israeli invading forces but maybe the
the heartbreaking part of what happened
is the entire family Abdul gaur family
in eastern part of kanun in Aban and for
almost a month it has been disconnected
their remaining family members in ra
unun were unable to get hold of them but
we're talking about the entire family
their in-laws some of their relatives
approximately 30 people were found
deceased inside their homes their
destroyed homes from under the rebels
they were removed as of early hours of
yesterday's evening or reported to Naser
hospitals the ongoing blackout just
makes it very difficult uh to uh uh uh
to know exactly what happened
particularly with this example of the
family just knowing a month later of
their uh family members being killed and
trapped under the rubbles and deceased
as they were pulled from under the
rubble now despite the restoration of
the signal communication signals as of
last night still major part of the goic
experiencing a a blackout as of this
moment massive anxiety as we're hearing
there from hanim Mahmud from Rafa in
southern Gaza thank you honey